You are right, I was the one who deceived the website in the first place.
Tell you. Can be used normally.
All agreed. You attack first.
I don't call it impact. Just like other vice presidents have been hit.
You will be the organization of this group from now on.
General manager you too.
Includes rice. You make me feel happy all over the place.
Now you can spend your life as a mere general manager.
If you come to me and you want to be punished, then you will be punished.
You can't take chips from your toilet
Then I'll put this kind of bargaining chip
We are the God of Nongcheng
No one dares to worry about them anymore
As long as I find this kind of group, it will always be long
You can't rely on my temper
Why can’t I miss your words?
I don't have anything to do with me now
Just set a bowl on fire
What tricks do you want to have fun with?